Previously on This Is Us...
First day of summer.
We don't want to be
the last ones in the pool.
All right, gang, it's time
to get the hell out of here.
How?
We climb.
You need to end it, Malik.
You need to do it for her.
What? I'm not gonna...
-I love her.
-If you really love her, man,
then you will do
what is best for her.
He's acting so weird.
He hasn't texted all morning.
Senator Gamble's office
keeps calling.
He saw the article
in The Philadelphia Local
and sends his regards.
Tell the senator I have to call
the old fart back
after the holiday.
REBECCA: In the event
that Miguel, God forbid,
is not here to make
those decisions for me,
I'm gonna need one of you
to stand in for him.
Kate,
I want it to be you.
♪ ♪
Come on, guys. Come on.
First day of summer.
We don't want to be
the last ones in the pool.
-And you know what Mom and Dad
have for you guys.
-Oh!
-Swim goggles!
-I want one!
-Chairs, chairs, chairs, chairs.
REBECCA:
Hey, Bug, you want some goggles?
KEVIN:
I want to go off
the diving board.
JACK:
Don't you think you ought
to learn how to,
-you know, swim first?
-REBECCA: Yeah, bud.
I know you didn't like
taking your swim lessons,
but they sure helped
your brother
learn how to swim at the Y.
KATE:
That girl is swimming
upside down.
REBECCA:
No. (chuckles)
She's doing the backstroke.
And you would have learned how
to do that, too, if you stayed
in class at the Y.
There's Mr. Mike!
Can I go see him?
Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Good luck.
Actually, Randall, come here.
Hey, hey, hey.
So, um, I know
that your brother and sister
didn't take to swimming
as fast as you did.
And... I don't know,
I just had this whole idea of us
swimming here together.
But... maybe next summer.
Yeah?
Okay. Go get 'em, champ!
-Go, go.
-JACK: Hey, you, uh...
-you got Kate?
-REBECCA: Yeah. I got Kate.
RANDALL:
I'm here, I'm here!
-Don't start without me!
-(chuckles) I wouldn't dream
of starting
without my star student.
Up top!
(both imitating bubbling)
(chuckles)
All right, troops. Now,
you five have rocked it
all summer at the Y.
Today's the day.
So, how it's gonna go--
first, we're gonna start
with a timed
underwater breathing exercise.
Then you're gonna swim
the whole length of the pool.
Then, after that, you're gonna
tread water for about a minute.
And then we'll finish
floating on our backs and done.
-KATE: Uh-uh. No.
-KEVIN: Okay, hey, look, relax.
-We're gonna try it again.
-No! I can't.
I can't. No.
-(siren whoops)
-(vehicle approaching)
-(brakes squeak)
-(indistinct radio transmission)
(quietly):
Damn it.
We're getting arrested.
Great.
Oh, thank you so much, sir.
Is that beer?
No.
(clanging)
Pick that up.
Yes, sir.
Give me that.
It-it is beer.
All right. So that's illegal
trespassing, underage drinking.
I'd say that you guys are in
for a very unpleasant night.
Wait right here.
This can't be happening.
-Just wait right here.
I'll-I'll be right back.
-Randall.
-KEVIN: Hey, hey, hey.
Don't make it worse.
-Randall.
I can handle this.
Excuse me, sir?
Whoa.
Just 30 seconds.
REBECCA:
I need you all
to hear my voice right now.
Your mother's voice,
with all of her faculties.
(inhales)
You will not make your lives
smaller because of me.
This thing
that's happening to me
will not be the thing
that holds you back.
So, take the risks.
Make the big moves,
even if they're small moves.
Forge ahead with your lives
in any and every direction
that moves you.
I am your mother,
and I'm sick.
And I'm asking you
to be fearless.
(grunts)
(inhales deeply, exhales)
I'm sure
she has her reasons, hon.
No, I know.
And it's Thanksgiving.
Mm?
We knew
there was gonna be drama.
(clicks tongue)
Yeah...
No, it's okay. I get it.
It's just, uh...
It's a lot to process.
-Mm.
-(rapid footsteps approaching)
Wow, I just figured out why
Malik has been being so weird.
You told him
to stay away from me?
-Dej...
-He broke up with me.
I literally hate you.
Hey. Deja.
-You don't mean that.
-No, no, I do.
I do. He lied to me.
You lied to me.
How did I lie to you?
You walked around for weeks,
staring in my face,
acting like nothing happened,
when you know what you did.
I didn't think
he would listen to me. Okay?
You kids are notorious
for not listening.
Hey, hey. Why don't we all
just calm down, all right?
It is late.
Emotions are at a ten right now,
and this is a very old house
with very thin walls.
Is everything okay?
We heard yelling.
Case in point.
Um...
just a little family issue.
RANDALL:
Deja, dropping out
of high school to get your GED
and move to Boston
to live with your 18-year-old
single father boyfriend,
that is not good enough for you.
-You deserve better.
-You don't get to decide that.
Well, yeah, I do.
You're my daughter!
No, I'm not!
Tess and Annie
are your daughters.
I'm just some girl
you took from her mom.
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
-Hey.
Heard you had
a rough night in there.
You all right?
Uh, all part of being the parent
of a teenager.
-Mm.
-As you'll see all too soon.
Yo. Safe travels, siblings!
'Kay. We'll see you guys in L.A.
for Mom and Mig's
anniversary party.
-KEVIN: All right.
-Love you.
RANDALL:
Love you.
Well, I am off to start
my fearless best life for Mom.
-Mm.
-Whatever that means.
-Do you, brother.
-(chuckles)
-Be good.
-You, too.
-All right.
REBECCA:
Hmm.
Hey.
You guys sticking around
for breakfast?
We're having leftovers.
And pie.
Um... no.
But thanks.
BETH:
God.
I can't find her anywhere.
-Who?
-Deja. She's not in the house.
(exhales)
-Where is she?
-I don't know.
-I woke up
and she was already gone.
-Tess?
Tess?
I don't want you to get mad.
I'm already there.
Where's your sister?
She left last night.
She what?
She was really upset. And
I tried to talk her out of it,
but she wouldn't listen to me.
So she took off.
She went to talk Malik
into getting back together.
-Oh, good Lord.
-I can't believe
she would do this.
-Where you going?
-To get my daughter.
(door opens)
Should I go with you?
I mean,
we'd have to take the girls.
Hey, guys. I know this is a lot,
but let's take a deep breath
and it will feel
less overwhelming.
Or maybe we should just let Kate
handle it,
since she handles
all the big stuff now.
Hey, Miguel,
I hate to put you out, man,
but could you give Beth and
the girls a ride back to Philly?
Uh, sure. Yeah, I can do that.
Thank you.
I'll call you from the road.
All right.
I'll keep trying Deja.
Yeah.
-Mom, what are you doing?
-I'm coming with you.
Hey, Miguel. Could you grab
my bags for me, please?
That's really not necessary.
I am coming with you.
Get in the car.
(footsteps)
(car door opens)
(car door shuts)
(line ringing)
Come on.
(Randall clicks tongue)
-Hmm...
-Your call has been forwarded
to an automatic voice...
Malik's not picking up, either.
I swear, when I get to Boston,
I'm gonna...
-(exhales)
-What?
Do you even know what you're
gonna do when you get there?
I haven't got it
all mapped out, Mom,
but throwing Deja
over my shoulder
and zip-tying her to
the backseat has come to mind.
Phone.
You know the car
has Bluetooth, right?
If Malik were to have picked up
the phone,
do you think
what you would say to him
would help or hurt
the situation?
(exhales)
Phone.
Thank you.
(sighs)
(Randall exhales)
She's done this before.
A few months ago.
She told me and Beth
she was going to a sleepover,
and she hopped on a bus
to Boston.
Mm.
I was not like this with Beth.
No, you were not.
But...
...not everyone's
first love story is the same.
Mine was with Chris Bellose.
I was 15.
He was... much too old for me.
(chuckles softly)
(sighs)
I was head over heels for him.
He looked like James Dean.
Had the cutest butt.
-No.
-Yeah.
-No. Stop.
-The cutest, little,
-tight... Yeah.
-Okay.
(chuckles)
I can't imagine you at 15.
REBECCA:
Mm.
This morning, when you mentioned
Kate handling the big things...
That was a stupid joke.
That's all.
Shouldn't have said it.
Okay.
You think we might be able to
stop for something to eat soon?
I can't, um, take my meds
on an empty stomach.
Uh, yeah. Say no more.
WAITRESS:
Iced tea
and two pastrami sandwiches
-on rye.
-Mmm.
-Thanks.
Thank you, Samantha.
Um, actually...
do you mind taking a picture
-for us?
-Mom, really?
-What? Just one.
-Mom, she's busy.
-I-I look like crap. Come on.
What are we doing here?
-Oh, I'm sorry.
Yesterday, you were obsessed
with taking photos of me.
And now, today,
you're some shy teenager?
-Okay.
-You guys celebrating something?
No. Just, uh, a day with my son.
Mm.
You like 'em?
I can take more.
-Oh.
-(sucks teeth)
No, these are perfect.
-Could you, uh...?
-I'll AirDrop you.
-Beautiful.
-Yeah.
-She'll AirDrop me.
-Mm-hmm.
(grunts)
Looks good.
Enjoy.
♪ We met up
with some heavy people ♪
Mmm, mmm, mmm.
It's good?
-Mm-hmm.
-Good.
Mm.
-♪ Up in southern Illinois ♪
-(pills rattling)
♪ They took us way out
in the country ♪
♪ And gave us all
a place to stay ♪
♪ Hey, hey... ♪
(sighs)
-Sorry, they make these things
so hard to open.
-Mm-hmm.
(clears throat) How many?
Two.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
-This is my life now. (chuckles)
-♪ They had farmhouse
and a trailer ♪
-♪ They had some sails
and a lot of land ♪
-(Rebecca exhales)
♪ They said they farm
all through... ♪
It was, um... Eat'n Park.
The first time
I saw you do that.
You were six or seven.
And we spent that summer
working on your Scholastic
Book Club reading list.
-Wow. That is a throwback.
-Mm.
I was obsessed with that thing.
Yes, you were obsessed.
You wanted to beat
everyone in your class
-and read all the books
on the list.
-Yeah.
And we would sit in the living
room reading together
each night on the couch,
while Kevin and Kate
and Dad watched TV.
Do you remember that?
-I do.
-Yeah.
And every Friday in the summer,
we would get to the library
before it opened,
and we would
stay until it closed.
And then I would take you
to Eat'n Park-- just us.
We'd always get
the smiley face cookie.
Yes. Yes.
That was our favorite part,
remember?
It was. Yeah.
Mm.
(phone ringing)
That's my phone.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Sorry.
It's Beth.
Babe?
BETH:
So I finally got ahold of Deja.
Where is she?
She got to Boston.
She's with Malik.
She wanted us to know she's fine
and to stop worrying.
Uh, we're in Connecticut.
-We could be there
in a few hours.
-Okay.
-I love you.
-Love you, too.
Uh, we should hit the road.
-Probably be there
before nightfall.
-Yeah.
Can I give you a little advice?
Mm-hmm.
Give her some space.
♪ We were sitting
'round the trailer... ♪
-Space?
-Yeah.
Yeah, give her a little bit
of space to figure this out.
Just for a night.
You know, she said
we shouldn't worry about her,
so try to trust that.
-♪ And putting away
that highland blues ♪
-(clicks tongue)
♪ And the reefer, too... ♪
So if we're not hitting
the road, what do we do now?
(clicks tongue)
Well, I-I did see a bar
down the block.
You fancy a drink with old Mom?
♪ Him and his lady,
they dug the country... ♪
♪ ♪
(stopwatch beeps)
Thirty-five seconds.
That's got to be
a new swim test record.
-I can go for longer.
-Oh, no, no, no, no.
I believe you, but I also want
to keep my teaching license.
Uh, let's go see what
your swim mates are up to
and get them ready for part two.
REBECCA:
Come on.
He's just a child, Jack.
-Yeah, someday,
he's gonna be a man.
-(Kevin coughing)
REBECCA:
I'm trying to get her
to put her face in the water,
-so good luck with that.
-JACK: Okay. Here.
Hey, Randall, come on. Let's go.
♪ ♪
OFFICER:
All right.
You're free to go.
Next time, don't litter.
Happy Thanksgiving.
(laughs, gasps)
How did you pull that off?
We just talked.
He was a reasonable guy.
You're telling me
what you said, okay?
-You're telling me
what you said.
-Yeah, whatever.
It's getting late.
We should head home.
Right, or...
There's another option
on the table.
We could head to the diner.
I have the keys.
I don't want to go home yet.
It's depressing.
And think about it,
when was the last time
the three of us
were all together like this?
I'm game.
KATE:
Yes.
Randall?
Voilà.
Are you sure
we're allowed in here?
We've broken enough laws
for one night.
Jukebox. Sweet.
Randall, my manager's out sick,
like, five days a week.
I practically run the place.
We're fine.
Okay.
(coins clanging)
Hey, uh, do you guys
have a phone?
I want to call Mom,
let her know where we are.
Yeah, phone's in the office.
-Thanks.
-Mm-hmm.
(upbeat music playing)
(lively chatter)
Mm.
(laughs)
What's so funny?
-The floor is sticky.
-Ah.
I haven't been
to a-a bar in years,
but the floor, always sticky.
I don't even want to know what
substances contributed to that.
Should we, should we get
a selfie? Come on.
Is this gonna be
an all-day thing?
-Oh, yeah. Yeah.
-Okay.
Here we go.
-Mm. That was...
-Beautiful.
Oh, after you.
-Oh.
-Mm-hmm.
-(clears throat)
-Ah.
-(exhales)
-Ooh.
What can I get you?
Hi. Uh, we would like
two glasses
of your Chianti Classico,
please.
I got red and white,
both room temp.
Excellent.
Uh, we'll take your red, please.
-BARTENDER: You bet.
-All right.
-Sure.
-(laughs)
Since when do you drink
Chianti Classico?
(chuckles)
(clears throat)
REBECCA:
"Five Fun Facts
"about Controversial Councilman
Pearson.
Number one: I love
a nice glass of Chianti."
(Rebecca chuckles)
I can't believe you have this.
Are you kidding me?
I collect anything
and everything about you kids.
Ah, look at this.
"What is Councilman Pearson
reading right now?"
-Uh-huh.
-(humming)
Homegoing.
In the article, you mention
that you cried like a baby
when Marjorie brought
Marcus to the Cape Castle.
(sighs) I did, too.
Just sobbed.
-RANDALL: Ah.
-REBECCA: Oh.
Buon appetito.
-RANDALL: Grazie.
-REBECCA: Thank you.
Ah. Want to get your phone?
Get a little wine selfie?
-Sure.
-All right.
-(clears throat)
-That's the spirit.
-(sucks teeth) And...
-Oh.
-Cheers.
(camera snaps)
Wow, that's a good one.
RANDALL:
That's a good one.
REBECCA:
Mm.
-Hmm?
-They have a dartboard.
Your father and I used to play
darts all the time at Froggy's.
RANDALL:
Hmm.
You want to play?
Yeah, sure. Well, why not?
(exhales)
Know what?
We don't need pictures of it.
I'll remember this part.
And you will, too.
I promise.
Come on.
Let me go kick your butt.
-Oh, really?
-Yeah, let me show you
-how it's done.
-It's like that.
♪ ♪
(phone dialing)
Uh...
(line ringing)
REBECCA:
Hello?
Hey.
Randall. It's almost 11:00.
And I have a pulse,
and I found a phone.
We're just at Kate's diner,
goofing off.
It's actually nice. Been a while
since we all hung out.
Yeah.
You doing okay?
(inhales)
I will be.
(exhales)
Uh, Kate told me about Miguel.
I don't know why
I'm taking this so hard.
He was a big part of your life.
You know, it's natural
to feel, uh...
...yeah, no, just to feel.
Yeah, well, I am...
I'm feeling.
(inhales)
Anyway, you know what?
Don't let me keep you.
You go enjoy your evening
with your brother and sister,
all right?
Hey, uh...
could you check
the right pocket of my backpack?
I think it's on the couch.
Yeah, it's right here.
Open it.
(sniffles)
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Our cookies.
(chuckles) Yeah.
I stopped by Eat'n Park
on my way home.
I wanted to give it to you
before dinner,
but a lot was going on.
Randall, thank you.
This is...
I-I needed this.
(exhales)
You're welcome.
Mom, now, don't eat it all.
Come on.
What are you talking about?
-You got these cookies for me.
-No, Mom.
Sharing is caring.
You taught me that. (chuckles)
Well...
at least their only room left
is also their finest.
(Rebecca chuckles)
You sure you're okay with this?
It's lovely.
Okey dokey.
(spits)
You have more gray
in your beard.
I know. Can't seem to stop it.
(Rebecca chuckles)
(sniffs)
(faucet running)
(phone ringing)
Jae-won, it's late, buddy.
Push the meeting.
I don't know, man. There's a lot
going on right now.
Just, um...
need to find some more runway
to kick this can, okay?
(sucks teeth)
All right, later.
What can is being kicked?
Um...
Senior Senator from Pennsylvania
keeps calling,
wanting to meet.
Why don't you want
to meet with him?
It sounds important.
Uh, it's complicated.
Well, okay.
Well, if you don't want
to talk about it, I won't pry.
(exhales noisily)
You know that article,
the five fun facts?
Mm-hmm.
It's not just a fluff piece.
It's part of a bigger strategy.
I've been getting these calls
from the DNC,
this, um, Senator Gamble,
in particular.
He's retiring next year,
and he's put my name
on a short list
of potential people
to replace him.
-Now, it's a long shot, Mom.
-What?
I don't have a national profile,
but, uh, the first election
got a lot of attention, and, uh,
this rehab initiative
is getting some more, so...
Oh, my God, Randall.
-Ma.
-You are gonna be a senator?
-No, I'm not, Ma. (laughs)
-(chuckles)
I haven't even decided if it's
something I'm interested yet.
All right? Beth just got settled
into her dance academy.
I can't put her through
another campaign.
I just don't want to make
any major life decisions
with so much uncertainty
in the family.
You know?
Mm.
Yeah, I understand.
(inhales)
♪ ♪
(children giggling)
And that is how you get it done.
Killer job, Randall.
It is my great honor
to now certify
that you are allowed
in the deep end, kiddo,
with the big kids.
No more limits.
Let me let the lifeguards know.
Congratulations.
-REBECCA: How'd she do?
-(Jack scoffs)
Today is not the day.
♪ ♪
(breathes deeply)
(footsteps approaching)
Settled the bill.
Ready to go?
Yeah.
Will you sit with me
for a minute?
(clicks tongue)
Okay, but just for minute.
If we hit the road by 11:00,
-we'll be in Boston in time
to get back to Philly... Okay.
-Just sit. Please.
(Randall groans)
(Rebecca sighs)
(chuckles)
I remember watching you swim
as a little boy.
You took to it so fast.
That first summer,
you were just all...
(chuckles)
...skinny limbs and...
flailing arms,
but you were still so good.
-(clicks tongue)
-Yeah.
And then the next summer,
you were a little bigger.
And then the summer after that.
You kids just kept changing.
Getting better and better,
and stronger and stronger.
Every...
...second, every day,
every year, you just...
...you became.
It was quite a thing for me...
...having a front-row seat
to the best show in town.
I know you're worried about me,
sweetheart.
-Oh, Mom, I'm not even...
-No, no.
It's okay.
This...
this disease has taken
its toll on everybody...
(inhales)
...but on you, especially.
When your dad died,
you just, uh...
you really rose
to the occasion, Randall.
Any time I needed you,
you were there.
I used to think you kind of
became my rock after Dad,
but in reality,
no, this thing you and I have,
that was there long before then.
I mean,
Dad didn't love to read,
-so you read with me.
-(chuckles)
And then, when your dad died,
you didn't end up going to
the college that you wanted to
-so you could be near me.
-That's not true.
It is true. It's very true.
You-you took care of me.
Which, yes,
it is the natural course
for parents and children.
Eventually, but not that soon.
Not that early.
It was...
it was a lot to ask of you.
It was, it was too much.
And that is why I couldn't
make you the executor.
Because you and I both know
you would move heaven and earth
to see me get better,
and you would stop
your entire life for me.
-And I can't let you do that.
-(sniffles)
Not anymore.
You are my hero, Randall.
You're the most
incredible person,
and I...
I will not be the person
that holds you back anymore.
-You've never been that.
-No, I know.
-I know.
-(exhales)
I know.
♪ ♪
(sniffles)
(exhales)
(clears throat)
Hey, can I say something
that sounds obnoxious
that I can only say to you?
-Well, yes,
that's what I'm here for.
-(chuckles)
If I do this thing,
I'll win, Mom.
If I run, I'll win.
And if I win,
I can't even imagine
where this thing will end.
I can.
I can see it very clearly.
-(phone ringing)
-(sniffles)
(sighs)
It's Deja.
Hello.
Hey, Dej.
I'm on my way right now.
(engine shuts off)
-(seat belt unbuckling)
-REBECCA: Hey.
Gentle.
(breathes deeply)
(sniffling)
You know, I didn't do this
because of you.
No, um... (exhales)
...it just wasn't fair to her.
For either of us, really.
I just love her so much.
That's the thing
about first loves, man.
They form you
and can stay with you
for the rest of your life.
Yeah.
You know, these things have
a way of coming back around,
Malik, if they're meant to be.
A person can walk out the door
and that's the end,
but sometimes, the door reopens.
Thank you...
...for looking out for me,
being my mentor.
It really meant a lot.
You're a good kid, Malik.
You're a very good kid.
You take care of yourself, okay?
(sighing)
Everything has been
so intense for us,
since we got together.
And I guess...
...maybe in-in the future...
...just not now.
I'm sorry about what I said.
I don't want to have a whole
talk about it right now...
...but you're my dad.
You're the only one I ever had.
♪ ♪
Let's go home.
Mm.
Hey. Mom all good?
Yeah.
Okay, I got to ask, man.
What did you tell the cop?
Seriously. What'd you say?
-Excuse me, sir?
-Whoa.
Just 30 seconds.
My father died two years ago.
And my-my siblings over there,
they're...
Actually, we're struggling.
Sir, I've been trying to carry
this family on my back
for the past two years, and...
I don't know
if I'm doing it well.
But if we break tonight,
if my mom has to get a call
that her three children
are in trouble...
...there's a very real chance
we won't make it.
Oh, and I may end up
being president one day.
So...
I really can't get arrested.
Like I said,
he was a reasonable guy.
I just asked him
to look at you two,
to really look at you,
and tell me if he thought
you guys would last one night
in jail.
-He did not.
-(laughing)
(laughing):
Shut up!
♪ ♪
(inhaling deeply)
(exhales)
♪ ♪
(chuckles softly)
What a strange thing.
What?
All of it.
♪ ♪
RANDALL:
Miguel, thanks
for sticking around, man.
Oh, anytime, Randall. Of course.
You guys have a safe trip back.
-And call us when you get there,
okay?
-We will.
-Good to see you. Mmm.
-You, too. Thank you.
-Take care.
-You got it? You got it?
-Thanks for everything.
-Of course.
-Migs. Mwah.
-Mmm.
-That was so much fun.
-It was a blast.
-MIGUEL and BETH: See you soon.
-Thanks, Mom.
-Mm.
Could I get one more selfie
for the road?
-I'll wait in the car.
-(laughs)
Why not?
Come on.
(chuckles)
Here we go.
Mmm.
-Cheese.
-(chuckles softly)
Oh.
-That reminds me.
-What?
Could you sign this for me,
please?
It's gonna be worth
a lot of money one day, and...
-I should leave something
for Miguel.
-(chuckles)
Well, in that case...
Ah.
(chuckles softly)
("Where Do the Children Play?"
by Cat Stevens playing)
(indistinct chatter)
Hey, bud!
How'd it go?
Did you pass the test?
-Yeah, I did.
-You did?
-Good job, bud.
-Good job.
You guys want
to come in with me?
You know what, I think
we're all a little tired.
So maybe next time.
-Tag! You're it!
-No way!
-All right.
-(splashing)
(chuckles softly)
JACK:
Hey, boys!
-Boys.
-(chuckles)
-(laughing)
-Hold on a second.
-KEVIN: Kate!
-KEVIN and RANDALL: Come on!
Come on!
-Oh, Kate! Come on, Kate!
-KEVIN: Come on!
-♪ Well, I think it's fine ♪
JACK:
Come on, Kate. Okay, okay.
-♪ Building jumbo planes ♪
-I got you.
♪ Or taking a ride ♪
-Oh.
-(laughing)
-♪ On a cosmic train ♪
-Here it is.
-♪ Switch on summer ♪
-(children shouting)
-Come in!
-Come on, Mom!
♪ From a slot machine ♪
-(chuckles): Okay!
-So fun!
-Mom!
♪ I know we've come a long way ♪
♪ We're changing day to day ♪
♪ But tell me ♪
♪ Where do the children play? ♪
♪ Well, you roll on roads ♪
♪ Over fresh green grass ♪
♪ For your lorry loads ♪
♪ Pumping petrol gas ♪
Hey, Jae-won.
No more kicking the can.
Let's lock in Monday morning
for that meeting
with Senator Gamble.
♪ But they just go on and on ♪
♪ And it seems
that you can't get off ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I know we've come a long way ♪
♪ We're changing day to day ♪
Hi!
(quietly):
They're both sleeping.
The prodigal twins
have returned.
You're impressed. Admit it.
I am.
♪ ♪
(pants)
Did you, uh...
fill Sheila's job yet?
PHILLIP:
Uh, no. But we're looking
at applicants.
I'd like to be considered.
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Well, you've cracked the sky ♪
(exhales)
♪ Scrapers fill the air ♪
♪ But will you keep on
building higher ♪
Hey.
I've got, uh, some good news.
The, um...
smoker arrived in time
for your mom and Miguel's
anniversary party.
♪ Will you make us cry? ♪
I am not ready
to move to San Francisco.
Not with where we are right now.
I'm sorry.
♪ I know we've come a long way ♪
♪ We're changing day to day ♪
♪ But tell me ♪
♪ Where do the children play? ♪
♪ Oh, do-do-do ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do-do. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
20th CENTURY FOX TELEVISION
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org